OSDOCS-16940: DITA callouts — OLM topics (#115356)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-installing-from-software-catalog-using-cli.adoc

      Version:    3.7.11
      Name:       example-operator.v3.7.10
      Version:    3.7.10
    Name:         stable-3.7
# ...
   Entries:
      Name:         example-operator.v3.8.5
      Version:      3.8.5
      Name:         example-operator.v3.8.4
      Version:      3.8.4
    Name:           stable-3.8
  Default Channel:  stable-3.8
----

> +
> * The `Install Modes` section indicates which install modes are supported.
> * `stable-3.7` and `stable-3.8` are example channel names.
> * The `Default Channel` field is the channel selected by default if one is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The `Install Modes` section indicates which install modes are supported.
** `stable-3.7` and `stable-3.8` are example channel names.
** The `Default Channel` field is the channel selected by default if one is not specified.
```

====
+
.Example `Subscription` object
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: <subscription_name>
  namespace: <namespace_per_install_mode>
spec:
  channel: <channel_name>
  name: <operator_name>
  source: <catalog_name>
  sourceNamespace: <catalog_source_namespace>
  config:
    env:
    - name: ARGS
      value: "-v=10"
    envFrom:
    - secretRef:
        name: license-secret
    volumes:
    - name: <volume_name>
      configMap:
        name: <configmap_name>
    volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: <directory_name>
      name: <volume_name>
    tolerations:
    - operator: "Exists"
    resources:
      requests:
        memory: "64Mi"
        cpu: "250m"
      limits:
        memory: "128Mi"
        cpu: "500m"
    nodeSelector:
      foo: bar
----
+
where:

> `metadata.namespace`:: Specifies that for default `AllNamespaces` install mode usage, specify the `openshift-operators` namespace. Alternatively, you can specify a custom global namespace, if you have created one. For `SingleNamespace` install mode usage, specify the relevant single namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metadata.namespace`:: Specify the `openshift-operators` namespace for default `AllNamespaces` install mode usage. Alternatively, you can specify a custom global namespace, if you have created one. For `SingleNamespace` install mode usage, specify the relevant single namespace.
```

  namespace: example-operator
spec:
  channel: stable-3.7
  installPlanApproval: Manual
  name: example-operator
  source: custom-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  startingCSV: example-operator.v3.7.10
----

> +
> where:
> 
> `spec.installPlanApproval`:: Specifies the approval strategy to `Manual` in case your specified version is superseded by a later version in the catalog. This plan prevents an automatic upgrade to a later version and requires manual approval before the starting CSV can complete the installation.
> `spec.startingCSV`:: Specifies a specific version of an Operator CSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**  Set the `spec.installPlanApproval` parameter to `Manual` in case your specified version is superseded by a later version in the catalog. This plan prevents an automatic upgrade to a later version and requires manual approval before the starting CSV can complete the installation.
**  Set the `spec.startingCSV` parameter to define a specific version of an Operator CSV.
```

  config:
    env:
    - name: ROLEARN
      value: "<role_arn>"
----

> +
> `<role_arn>`:: Specifies the role ARN details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
where:

`<role_arn>`:: Specifies the role ARN details.
```

 config:
   env:
   - name: AUDIENCE
     value: "<audience_url>"
   - name: SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL
     value: "<service_account_email>"
----
+
where:

> `<audience_url>`:: Specifies one of the following formats for the `AUDIENCE` value created in {gcp-short} by the administrator when they set up {gcp-wid-short}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<audience_url>`:: Specifies the `AUDIENCE` value created in {gcp-short} by the administrator when they set up {gcp-wid-short}. The value must be a preformatted URL in the following format:
```
